1. Write a Python program to calculate the area of a rectangle. Take the length and width as inputs from the user.
2. Write a Python program to check if a number is positive, negative, or zero. Take the number as input from the user.
3. Write a Python program to find the maximum of two numbers. Take the numbers as inputs from the user.
4. Write a Python program to check if a given year is a leap year. Take the year as input from the user.
5. Write a Python program to convert kilometers to miles. Take the number of kilometers as input from the user.
6. Write a Python program to check if a given string is a palindrome. Take the string as input from the user.
7. Write a Python program to find the sum of all numbers from 1 to n. Take the value of n as input from the user.
8. Write a Python program to print the multiplication table of a number. Take the number as input from the user.
9. Write a Python program to calculate the average of three numbers. Take the numbers as inputs from the user.
10. Write a Python program to find the square of a given number. Take the number as input from the user.
11. Write a Python program to find the length of a given string.
12. Write a Python program to check if a number is divisible by another number. Take both numbers as inputs from the user.
13. Write a Python program to find the sum of all even numbers between 1 and n. Take the value of n as input from the user.
14. Write a Python program to count the number of vowels in a given string.
15. Write a Python program to check if a number is a palindrome.
16. Write a Python program to find the largest element in a given list.
17. Write a Python program to remove duplicate elements from a list.
18. Write a Python program to check if a string is an anagram of another string.
19. Write a Python program to sort a list of numbers in ascending order.
20. Write a Python program to find the second largest element in a given list.
21. Write a Python program to count the number of words in a given sentence.
22. Write a Python program to check if a number is a prime number.
23. Write a Python program to calculate the factorial of a given number.
24. Write a Python program to generate a random number between a given range.
25. Write a Python program to check if a given string is a palindrome using a function.
26. Write a Python program to find the sum of the digits of a given number using a function.
27. Write a Python program to calculate the area of a circle. Take the radius as input from the user.
28. Write a Python program to find the average of a list of numbers.
29. Write a Python program to check if a number is a perfect square.
30. Write a Python program to check if a string is a pangram (contains all the letters of the alphabet).
